Edit hello world section and add more images (#2907)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/build-your-first-app/build-channel-tab.md

---
title: Get started - Build a channel and group tab
author: girliemac
description: Quickly create a Microsoft Teams channel and group tab using the Microsoft Teams Toolkit.
ms.author: timura
ms.date: 03/22/2020
ms.topic: tutorial
---

> # Build a channel and group tab for Microsoft Teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build your first channel and group tab for Microsoft Teams
```

This tutorial teaches you to build a basic *channel tab* also known as a *group tab*, which is a full-screen page for a team channel or chat. You can also configure some aspects of this kind of tab, for example, rename the tab so it's meaningful to their channel, which you cannot do in a Personal Tab.

> **This tutorial teaches you to:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What you'll learn
```

* Create an app project using the Microsoft Teams Toolkit for Visual Studio Code.
* Understand the app configurations and scaffolding relevant to channel tabs.
* Create tab content and tab configuration.
* Build and run your app in teams for testing.

## Prerequisites

> Ensure that you understand how to set up and build Teams app before you begin to build a channel or group tab. For more information, see [Build and run your first Microsoft Teams app](../build-your-first-app/build-and-run.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you understand how to set up and build a simple Teams app. For more information, see [create your first Microsoft Teams "Hello, World!" app](../build-your-first-app/build-and-run.md).
```
